hi there girl can I squirtle on your
Jigglypuff haha I can't wait to discover
new Pokemon I just better make sure I
don't walk in front of anyone well Danny
I am NOT fighting anyone oh no no I
wanted to give you a cool new move that
you could teach your Pokemon it's called
fly you just teach her to any flying
Pokemon and you can ride it to any
destination so you're telling me if I
taught this to a tiny little bird
pokemon I could fly on its back or
something anything's possible with
Pokemon yeah freaking check okay now I
can finally start my quest but what the
hell oh sweet a wild Pokemon banking
extremely quick to anger mean monkey
banking no that's definitely a monkey
banking whatever you're going down
monkey banco Pikachu Pikachu
all right Pikachu yo quick attack all
right monkey banking shut up Cup all
right you're mine
damn it I'll get you this time I'm bound
to catch you sometime Wow whatever I
didn't want you anyway that monkey may
have tested my resolve but I'm not gonna
let that discourage me from better not
be another freakin monkey whoa we're not
gonna let this one get away quick
Pikachu use ak-47 attack
p
alright I've got you this time Charizard
yeah hey you douche baguette I want a
rematch God all right charge my come up
now boys I get the hell out of here you
fly mmm but he has wings it's not like
I'm trying to teach it to a freakin
monkey to see bloopers from this video
and more click the link in the
description below uh uh quick you
subscribe attack by clicking the yellow
button
if this music is giving you a nostalgia
boner that lasts longer than four hours
contact your physician immediately bad
happen to me once